This picture was shot with a point and shoot camera in sports mode.  It was one of the first shots I took that I was really happy with and it was probably one of the hardest as the shutter lag on the camera was about 0.75s.
Sometimes the light is just right and you just have to wade in the water.
Reflecting pools on the banks of lake Huron near Tobermory Ontario.
On my back at an Ultimate tournament in London Ontario, Summer, 2009.
A sweet layout at London Calling Ultimate Tournament, in London Ontario, Summer 2009
I think that flowers are often more beautiful after they are starting to die than they are in full bloom
Bride getting laced up for her big day.
Bride getting into a stretch SUV in Guelph, Ontario
Portrait in natural light
A frog we found in a ditch in Winnipeg, Manitoba
Layouts take a lot of concentration.  You only fully realize you've laid out after you hit the ground.
Jumping a bike off the top of the bike park on Ottawa St. in Kitchener, Ontario
A seagull flying above my ferry as it left from Robin Island, South Africa.  Once the home/prison of Nelson Mandella
Morning.
I live in Mennonite country, horses are everywhere
A slow dance late in the evening after most people have gone home
Wild Strawberry flowers after a light bout of rain.  They were 15 ft. from my tent.
Sometimes the wildlife just likes to pose
A waterfall on the trail between upper and lower Kaninaskis lakes in Alberta, Canada.
Old growth forests in Peter Laugheed Provincial Park, Alberta, Canada.
Sun peaks over the mountains almost every day, this was one day.  Peter Laugheed Provincial Park, Alberta, Canada.
A warning, early in the morning while the mist rises from the forest. Peter Laugheed Provincial Park, Alberta, Canada.
A bluebell in the wild. Dry Island Provincial Park, Alberta Canada.
A snake tasting the air for my presence off the banks of the Red Deer River. Dry Island Provincial Park, Alberta Canada.
A tiger lily in the wild. Dry Island Provincial Park, Alberta Canada.
Acrodunk show at the Calgary Stampede, Calgary Alberta Canada.
Stampeeds are exciting and offer a wide variety of cowboys in mid air. Calgary, Alberta, Canada
At the finish line of the chuck wagon races.  I was pelted with debris from the track as they blew by. Calgary, Alberta, Canada
Sunset in Charlottetown, PEI, Canada
A HDR image of the moon over 3 Islands Provincial Park, Nova Scotia, Canada
Bike rack in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada
Fire wielding dancer at an African music festival. Quebec City, Quebec, Canada
A longboarder going for speed in Huntsville, Ontario
These two are cousins and apparently, the older looked just like the younger at one point.
A carpenter at work on a support project in West Virginia after major flooding destroyed whole towns.
The wonderful world of slugs! Algonquin Park, Ontario, Canada
The tricky task of mounting a Kayak.  Tobermory, Ontario, Canada